Added  another command for tab completion (#110)
project-flotta/project-flotta.github.io: _posts/2022-07-20-developer-cli.markdown

```shell
flotta completion bash > /usr/share/bash-completion/completions/flotta
```

> ( If the above command didn't work use `| sudo tee` instead of  `> ` )

Reviewer: What do you think to state that the command can fail because of permission issues (instead of a generic "didn't work")? 
In my opinion, It can be useful for a new user to understand what problem your change is resolving.

Reviewer 2: Also, what do you think about mentioning the full command instead of explaining the replacement?
```suggestion
Or (if the above command failed with permission denied error):
flotta completion bash | sudo tee /usr/share/bash-completion/completions/flotta
```

Author: Thank you, for the suggestions!
